Welcome.
2 What do you need to buy?
Buy a set of jewelry.
Wedding hardware, right?
You are a newly married couple, aren't you?
No wonder they look so noble
You misunderstood.
Let's not waste time.
Sir, at a glance, it is a day and a thousand gold
Make millions in minutes
Now take time to accompany your wife to do shopping
You really love him
Please hurry up.
Okay, you two, please follow me here
All our wedding hardware is here
We're not looking for wedding hardware.
Just buy a full set of jewelry.
What is your budget?
You can choose
I'm not suitable
I don't understand your women's preferences
Well, that's really what a secretary should do
But why do I feel a little uncomfortable?
How nice is your husband to you?
You are still sorry, you are about to open your choice
This one.
Is this the one you like?
I'll take it out for you right now. No need.
Just him, young and fashionable without losing his elegance. Wow.
Madam, you have a good eye.
This is our town store model.
One set nationwide
It's a little expensive.
Mr. Wrap it up is really a pet
50 million and you don't even blink an eye
Please hurry up.